


## 24-D-05738-AD 2024 Conflict of Interest and Commitment Annual Disclosure** Feb, 2024 **-** Mar, 2024 **

## intro

In keeping with Northeastern’s support for wide-ranging collaborations
in furtherance of advancing knowledge, commitment to excellence, and
university policy, the University requires the prompt completion of an
annual disclosure by all full time employees of potentially conflicting
outside employment, activities, and financial interests. This process
enables the university to identify and appropriately manage or eliminate
 situations in which personal or familial interests might compromise or
appear to compromise the objectivity and integrity of our undertakings.

## bkground


In connection with completing this disclosure, please review the university’s[ Policy on Professional Standards and Business Conduct](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy103/) and the [Code of Ethical Conduct](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy101/) as reminders of the high ethical standards to which we are all expected to adhere, as well as the [Policy on Conflicts of Interest and Commitment](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy400/).

Faculty Members: Your disclosures should also comply with the [Conflict of Commitment and Interest Policy in the Faculty Handbook](https://faculty.northeastern.edu/handbook/rights-in-teaching-research-and-scholarship/conflict-of-commitment-and-interest/).

Investigators and personnel who are engaged in extramurally-funded research or sponsored activities should review the [Policy on Financial Conflicts of Interest Related to Research.](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy501/)


https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy103/

https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy101/

https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy400/

https://faculty.northeastern.edu/handbook/rights-in-teaching-research-and-scholarship/conflict-of-commitment-and-interest/

https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy501/

## questions & resources


Please
 answer each question fully and to the best of your knowledge. Disclose
any relationships including financial or fiduciary interests as well as
uncompensated activities as prompted by the specific question that might
 present or appear to present a conflict of interest or commitment with
your responsibilities to Northeastern.

**If
the Compliance Department requests additional information to your
disclosure, please log into eCD to provide the requested information
promptly. Such requests may come by email from ecd@northeastern.edu or
compliance@northeastern.edu. The University will not consider your
disclosure complete until after the additional information is received
and reviewed.**

**Faculty Members:**
Please report all professional activities outside of your regular
academic load, whether engaged in at Northeastern or elsewhere.
Activities that go beyond occasional service on review panels, site
visit teams, professional committees or boards, individual lectures or
seminars, or occasional manuscript reviews must be reported.

For the purpose of this disclosure unless otherwise specified

**The Reporting Period **The previous calendar year up to and including the current reporting date.

**Family **includes
 spouse, spousal equivalent, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
parents-in-law, brothers-in-law, and sisters-in-law

Where
 applicable, definitions have been included in the questionnaire. Hover
over the words enumerated in blue to see the definition of a phrase.

For more information, resources and FAQs please visit the [eCD website](https://nu-res.research.northeastern.edu/ecd-eclaws-epaws/). Thank you.


## intl stuff



Investigators,
 including subrecipient investigators, are urged to err on the side of
transparency, and to disclose all relationships with and financial
support received from any non-U.S. companies, foreign institutions of
higher education or government(s) of another country (including county,
municipal, provincial or other subdivision government unit of another
country). Financial resources must be disclosed even if they relate to
work that is performed outside of the investigator’s appointment period,
 for example where an investigator with a 9-month academic appointment
spends two months at a university, institution or company outside of the
 U.S. during the summer or if they are consulting with an international
organization.

Northeastern recognizes that the
scope and requirements for disclosing outside activities has changed
recently and asks all faculty and staff to contact the [Research Compliance Department](mailto:ResearchCompliance@northeastern.edu) if you have any questions about the impact of the changes on your disclosure.

Thank you!

[](https://epaws.northeastern.edu/ecd/disclosures/23862/form/policy-33 "Back")



## questionairre


**1**Are you a full-time faculty member?

**1.1**During the  reporting period, did you perform external consulting (including paid and unpaid)?

**1.2**In the  reporting period,
 did you teach outside of Northeastern University? For the purposes of
this question, teaching includes both traditional and technology-enabled
 delivery modes and both degree-granting and non-degree granting
programs. All outside instructional activity exceeding a single,
unrepeated guest lecture must be disclosed. If so, please list the
location(s) and a description of activities.

**1.3**In the  reporting period,
 did you supervise students outside of Northeastern University? Please
note that for the purposes of this question, this does not include
supervising students while on Northeastern University sponsored programs
 (i.e.NU-In) or advising or serving on boards related to a doctoral
thesis or dissertation. If so, please provide a description of
activities.

**1.4**During the  reporting period
 did you hold any form of academic or clinical appointment outside of
Northeastern University (e.g., as a visiting lecturer or adjunct
professor, whether paid, unpaid, or honorary)? If yes, please provide
the 1) name of the entity; and 2) your responsibilities in your
appointment(s)

**2**In the  reporting period,
 were you responsible for the design, conduct, or reporting of any
extramurally funded research or sponsored research project (proposals or
 awards)?

**3**During the  reporting period, did you have responsibility for, or a decision-making role in, selecting vendors or purchasing a single product over $10,000?

**4**Are you or a   family member involved in a business that seeks to conduct or is conducting business with Northeastern University

**5**During the  reporting period, did you or a   family member receive a   gift
 or gifts with a cumulative value of $100 or more from a person or
business entity that does or is seeking to do business with Northeastern
 University, or a current or prospective student, parent guardian or any
 third party on behalf of the student who is seeking some benefit from
the University.

**6**During the  reporting period, did you engage in   outside professional activities that should be disclosed under the university's [Policy on Conflict of Interest and Commitment](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy400/)? If yes, please list the name(s) of the entity/entities, the description of the work performed.

**7**During the  reporting period,
 were you involved in a decision-making role in the hiring of a
relative? (A relative is defined as a spouse, domestic partner (and in
Canada, common law partner), parent, child, sibling, grandparent, or
grandchild of the employee. Relatives also include relationships arising
 outside of marriage, such as stepchild or step-parent, or relationships
 that exist for those whose living arrangements approximate family
arrangements.)

**8**During the  reporting period,
 did you supervise, have input on evaluating the work performance of or
decision-making authority over salary or similar financial decisions of
your relative(s)? Supervision includes supervising the relative’s
supervisor.

**9**Are
 you aware of any other circumstances that could be perceived as a
potential conflict of interest or a potential conflict of commitment
which you have not previously disclosed? If yes, please describe.

**10**Carefully
 read each of the following policies. By responding to this question,
you certify that you have read them and you acknowledge that you are
responsible for complying with applicable university policies, including
 but not limited to:[Policy on Data Access](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy703); [Appropriate Use of Computer and Network Resources](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy700); [Code of Ethical Conduct](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy101); [Policy on Professional Standards and Business Conduct](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy103), [Policy on Conflict of Interest and Commitment](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy400); [Policy on Equal Opportunity](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy107); [Policy on Non-Fraternization](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy108); and the [Policy on Sexual and Gender-Based Harassment and Title IX](https://policies.northeastern.edu/policy104).

**11**Do
 you work for Student Financial Services including Financial Aid,
Student Accounts, Enrollment Management Contact Center, Student
Employment, and Center for the Advancement of Veterans Services.
